DOCSP-33172 added meta description for top 250 pages in docs-node (#832)
mongodb/docs-node: source/usage-examples/find.txt

   :values: reference

.. meta:: 

>    :description: Follow examples of performing find operations in MongoDB by using the Node.js driver.

Reviewer: Suggestion:

I think it could be helpful to distinguish this page -- "Find Multiple Documents" -- from the "Find a Document" page.

```suggestion
   :description: Learn how to retrieve multiple documents from MongoDB by using the Node.js driver.
```

Alternatively, if "follow examples" is preferred, I think it would be good to include the "usage" adjective used in the meta description of the [landing page](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-node/pull/832/files#diff-6505e8b40280dcf4d7c2afb5b034f420dcd9d9bb5208b8fadb51a1a3f9b8b3c9).

```suggestion
   :description: Follow a usage example of retrieving multiple documents from MongoDB by using the Node.js driver.
```
